v1.7.0 post release changes (#633)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: README.md

<!-- Comments, spacing, empty and new lines in the section below are intentional, please do not modify them! -->
<!--DEV_DOCS_WARNING-->
<!--DEV_DOCS_WARNING_START-->

> The documentation below refers to the in development version of this package. Docs for the latest version ([v1.7.0](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/latest)) can be found [here](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/blob/v1.7.0/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following documentation refers to the in-development version of `splunk-otel-java`. Docs for the latest version ([v1.7.0](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/latest)) can be found [here](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/blob/v1.7.0/README.md).
```

## Snapshot builds

> We publish [bleeding edge snapshot builds](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent/1.8.0-SNAPSHOT/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We publish [snapshot builds](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent/1.8.0-SNAPSHOT/)
```

I like the colorful expression, but we can do without in docs. :P
